Speaker A: Good afternoon and thank you for calling town square. This is Sean with the account resolution department. How can I help you today?
Speaker B: Hello Sean, this is Gabriella with Angie clean. How are you doing?
Speaker A: Well, how are you doing?
Speaker B: Good. Thank you so much for taking my call.
Speaker A: Of course, what? I appreciate the timely call back. I was reaching out earlier because I know that we had had a request about cancellation last week and seemed like you were fairly, you know, there had been a few issues that you had brought up. So just wanted to touch base and kind of see what was going on with thing and finalize whatever we need to.
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, absolutely. I didn't answer because we are 3 hours apart. So yeah, it was early.
Speaker A: Sorry about that.
Speaker B: Don't worry.
Speaker A: Well, I guess what is going on with everything? What was the reason that we were looking to get things all closed out here already?
Speaker B: Okay. Absolutely. Well, long story short, we started working with you guys in March 29, so two weeks ago. And when we did the onboarding, I made sure to provide all of our branding information for the creation of our website. And we moved forward with the ads as well. And we knew that the ads were supposed to be live once the website was well done. And also, well, from the beginning I shared that we had really specific, like, branding and visuals and like, we don't like the typical cleaning business like we are cleaning business, but we like to set ourselves a part with our marketing and all that. So I provided our brand board, customer handbooks, current marketing materials that we have so the designers could properly understand what we needed. At the beginning, we were told that the website was supposed to take seven days, it took nine, which I figured, okay, it's okay because they must be like working really hard in this, you know, that we provided all of that guidance. Guidance, I'm sorry about that. But when we received the link, it was nothing like what we was expecting. And in that material that I provided the brand board, I added some ideas of what I was expecting. I knew from the beginning that the team cannot like replicate an exact website because like, you have your own thing. And that was absolutely okay with me. That's why I provided like three different, three or five. I don't remember like three different kind of designs that when you are into that creative thing, you get to identify like the patterns and all of that. So I feel like I was super specific and the result was not what I was expecting. And I don't know, I just felt really disappointed because I feel like we were super, super clear. And then when Brian shared like, hey, I just got the link, and I think that this is something that you will like. It matches what we discussed over the onboarding call. I don't know, it just. I was. I was surprised by how. How could she believe that that website represented what we spoke over the phone? I don't know if that makes any sense, but if you compare the website that we currently have and the website that we got delivered, well, it's different. And I was hoping to get an improved website, you know, like our vibe, but better, because I understand and that town square has been in the market for a long time. And I don't know. It's not only that. Like, I made sure to provide her with the notes you mentioned that you received, the messages that I had sent, like, the emails, and I was pretty specific on the first one. And I feel like from a customer service point of view, if I were, like, from town square team and I noticed that long email, even if I can't provide a solution at the time, I'll make sure to let my customer know. Like, I'm so sorry about that. Let me go over it. Like, we hear you. I apologize. I don't know something, you know, but I hear back from. From the person in charge of my project, and then I reach out the next day because I believe that was on a Thursday, because I call on Friday and she didn't pick up. And then I sent a follow up email, and that's when I learned that she was out that day. And that's how I got the alternative email for something urgent. So, I don't know, I just feel like the situation wasn't handled as I would have expected. Like, it's not only the fact that I didn't get the website at first because I was expect or I knew that it was, like, a first website. And then if I noticed something or I wanted to make any changes, like, it could be possible, but I thought that it would be, like, something minor. I don't know, maybe like, hey, I don't like that picture, or could we make this larger or can we add this or that? But in general, I don't think that my idea or not my idea, but who we are as a brand, as a company was properly understood. And that just makes me hesitant about how everything else is going to be worked, if that makes any sense.
Speaker A: Sure. And I definitely, you know, I hate to hear that because I know with the site design, you know, the one thing I will always say about the websites is, you know, especially the first link that gets rolled out, you know, despite all your guidance and everything you gave us, you know, it's never going to be perfect the first time. And that's what I tell to everybody. And that's not meant as like an excuse or anything like that. It's just because the websites, you know, when you envision something in your mind, even if you tell it to us like that, you know, by the time they get through everything, we have to make sure that, you know, it follows certain aspects still, but that it is a good representation of what you wanted. So, you know, sometimes the first time around, it is very tough to get it to that exact perfect t because you're always striving to perfection with the websites. You're never going to get it perfect that first go round. But this is what I would say, you know, in terms of the marketing side, you know, the local sourced ads that are really going to help you with getting in front of a larger radius as well as some of the more in depth search engine optimization are definitely things that are going to be, you know, somewhat beneficial for you. So I don't necessarily want to just say like, hey, you know, okay, we're going to do away with this completely and, you know, us lose any of the progress. So that's why I at least wanted to ask when we touch base and see if there might be something on my end that I could do to where, you know, whether it's setting up a meeting to where you can work directly with Brianne, the folk, the lady who was working with you on this to make sure it's taken care of or at least figuring out some sort of solution and game plan here to where we can make sure everybody's on the same page with what we're doing and, you know, we're effectively rolling something out for you that you are very, very satisfied with. So wanted to at least put that in front of you. And that's why I wanted to have the conversation here today, you know, again, definitely let me know if there is anything on my end that I can do. I mean, I'm more than happy to help out, look into anything and assist as best I can with things just because at the end of the day, I want to make sure this is something you're satisfied and happy with. At the end of the day.
Speaker B: Yeah. As mentioned, at first, when I received the link, I believe it was a Thursday morning, so I jumped into it immediately and I started marketing. Like my master's degree is in marketing. So I understand when you say like, hey, at the beginning is I'm going to be perfect. I understand that ads, marketing, keywords, all of that takes time for the algorithm to catch up and all of that, like, I get it, but precisely because it's not the same for me to just share my ideas, like talking to you, because I can say, oh, I envision this in blue, but my blue can. Maybe it's a different shade of blue than you are thinking. Right? So that's why I took the time to provide the information, like visuals and a description. And I was like, hey, this is our target. This is our vision. This is how we envision ourselves. Like, this is where we get inspiration from. This is what our customers like, this is what they don't like. I did a vision board on that same file. On the second page, you get to see like three or four different websites, like images, like where you get to see those things. Because once again, I understand that if I'm just talking, maybe you don't understand my idea, how I am visualizing it, but if you see a picture, like, if we are both looking at it, it's difficult for me to see something that is not there. And from what I shared, like, our colors are bright and different. I just don't think that the idea was properly understood. And since I know how many years you have in the market, I was expecting a website that look a little bit more put together. And I feel like it, it didn't took ten days to, to create that website. Like, it's black and all of the services pages look the same. One picture like this basic over there. I don't know, I just don't feel comfortable with that. And I truly appreciate that you're taking the time to hearing me out. Thank you for that. But I was talking to my partner in this and she doesn't feel comfortable moving forward because I know since we didn't like the website design, they will have to take another seven days to redesign and that will be like three weeks out of the month without the ads that we are paying already that are not life because the website is not live. So we just want to cancel. We would like to cancel and request the refund because I mean, it's not working for us.
Speaker A: Okay. And you know, the one thing I would say is I don't think it would take, like, it's not going to be another seven days, you know, if we're able to. I mean, we could definitely get you on with somebody and set something up directly, like, to get it expedited and knocked out here, you know, over the next couple of days. So it's not a long and extenuated process. So I know it's something that we can definitely accomplish. It's just, you know, I wanted to at least mention that because it's not like, you know, you'd be going with the normal timeframe where it does take about seven to ten days for the sites to be built out because of the issues. We would make sure we expedite things. And if anything, I would have you work directly with, you know, one of the top reps on my creation team, if not the director of that team themselves, just to make sure that they're aware of what's gone on so far and what we really need to make sure is accomplished here.
Speaker B: Right. Yeah, I actually appreciate that very much. Unfortunately, I'm not the only one, like, making the call and like, we had a meeting last week and that was the resolution that we came at. So. Yeah, thank you.
Speaker A: Of course. Well, I will go ahead and get things closed out. I'll be honest with you, I'm not certain about a refund just because I know we'd gotten a production link and typically once that's been rolled out, they don't authorize any types of refunds. But I will at least ask for you, like I said, just to be safe, rather than sorry, but I just can't make a promise about that myself here and now.
Speaker B: I would really appreciate if you could push for that because, well, the production link was promised to us two days prior to when it was actually delivered. And then when we finally got it, it wasn't what we were expecting. We decided to pay from the beginning, the ad, knowing that it would take time. But still, it's not something that we're taking advantage of. It's not like I don't know that you work for something and it was actually helping us out already and we just dumped you like a week before the month ended.
Speaker A: Sure. And trust me, I get where you're coming from. Unfortunately, I just have to let you know how they typically handle things. So I will at least ask and submit something, but I just can't make a promise myself here and now about that.
Speaker B: Okay, got it. Yeah. If you could just attach my emails, all of the material that I provided, and explain the situation and how, like, obviously we decided to move forward with you with the goal of winning. Right. Like, win win. We'll provide everything that we can. We'll be there. We're answer, answer the calls, take everything that we can, provide them with what they are asking for, and yeah, I don't think that the ball is on our end right now. Like, because it wasn't something small.
Speaker A: Okay, well, I will pass that along and I'll at least try for you. But give me a minute here and I'll get this all knocked out.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay, ma'am, you are all good to go. I got that all closed out. Other than that, is there anything else that I can assist with?
Speaker B: No, not at the moment. When am I going to hear back in regards to resolution?
Speaker A: I'm not certain. I'll send the email up now. And typically it does take them a couple of days to come up with a resolution.
Speaker B: Okay, perfect. And if I need to follow up, should I call you or them?
Speaker A: You can just call the general line and mention why you're calling and they'll get you over to our team.
Speaker B: Okay, perfect. And just with the client id, you.
Speaker A: Would just tell them the name of the business and they'd get.
Speaker B: Okay, perfect. Perfect. Okay. Thank you so much.
Speaker A: Yes, ma'am. You take care and have a great one.
Speaker B: You too. Bye.